\begin{abstract}

Web browsers are indispensable applications in our daily lives.  Millions of
users use web browsers for a wide range of activities such as social media,
online shopping, emails, or surfing the web.  Some of these services use browser
fingerprinting to track and profile their users which can be in contrast with
their web privacy. At the same time, browsers are also being targeted by
attackers because they are attractive platforms to compromise.  In this paper,
we perform an empirical analysis of a large number of browser features and aim
to evaluate browser fingerprintability. We also aim to assess and understand
vulnerability trends that are based on different browser features. By analyzing
33 Google Chrome and 31 Mozilla Firefox major browser versions released through
2016 to 2020, we discover that all of these browsers have unique feature sets
which makes them different from each other. By comparing these features to the
fingerprinting APIs presented in literature that have appeared in this field, we
conclude that all of these browser versions are uniquely fingerprintable. Our
results show an alarming trend that browsers are becoming more fingerprintable
over time because newer versions have more fingerprintable APIs in them. Another
key discovery of our analysis is that unlike the popular belief about software
bloating causing an increased attack surface, the number of vulnerabilities in
browsers are not directly related to the number of new features being introduced
by those browsers. In fact, our measurements suggest that browsers are becoming
more secure over time although they are supporting more features than in the
past.

\end{abstract}
